README.md, before:

**Deviant** (formerly *Entry REEdirect*) is an ExpressionEngine add-on that allows you to control, globally or on a per-channel basis, where authors land after publishing or updating entries in the ExpressionEngine control panel.

For each channel/weblog you have five redirect location options for both **new entries** and **updated entries**:

- **Default Preview** - EE's built-in success screen with field data regurgitated line-by-line
- **Publish Form** - a new entry screen for the same channel you just published to
- **Edit Entry** - keep editing the entry you just published or updated
- **Manage Entries** - the Edit Content screen, filtered to display entries from the channel you just published to
- **Structure module** - if the [Structure module](http://buildwithstructure.com) is installed, you can choose to redirect to the main Structure module screen

In all cases the author will see a "success" notification for their new entry or update, along with the entry's title and an "Edit this entry" link.

You have the option, via the Extension Settings screen, to set all channels (present and future) in the current site to use the same redirect location, or to set each channel's redirect location individually.

**Deviant is fully-compatible with SAEFs and MSM sites, and requires ExpressionEngine 2.1 or later (EE2 version), or ExpressionEngine 1.6+ (EE1 version).**

Commit message:

Added Zenbu support; manage entries redirect now remembers previous entry filters (EE2)

README.md, after:

**Deviant** is an ExpressionEngine add-on that allows you to control, globally or on a per-channel basis, where authors land after publishing or updating entries in the ExpressionEngine control panel.

For each channel/weblog you have six redirect location options for both **new entries** and **updated entries**:

- **Default Preview** - EE's built-in success screen with field data regurgitated line-by-line
- **Publish Form** - a new entry screen for the same channel you just published to
- **Edit Entry** - keep editing the entry you just published or updated
- **Manage Entries** - the Edit Content screen, filtered to display the entries you were last viewing there
- **Structure module** - if the [Structure module](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/structure/) is installed, you can choose to redirect to the main Structure module screen
- **Zenbu module** - if the [Zenbu module](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zenbu/) is installed, you can choose to redirect to the main Zenbu entries list

In all cases you will see a standard EE "success" notification for the new entry or update.

You have the option, via the Extension Settings screen, to set all channels (present and future) in the current site to use the same redirect location, or to set each channel's redirect location individually.

**Deviant is fully-compatible with SAEFs and MSM sites, and requires ExpressionEngine 2.1 or later (EE2 version), or ExpressionEngine 1.6+ (EE1 version).**
